cypher-gadget
=============

Introduction
===

This gadget was designed to supplement Cypher courses. 
[//]: # (Image of final widget here)
There is no build process, just `coffee -c .` from the root directory to compile from coffeescript and publish.
See `test.html` for a working version of the a single widget.
You can configure the widget via the url. 
For example, `/test.html?cypherSetup=full&cypherTask=matchByNodeLabel` uses the database called `full` and the task `matchByNodeLabel`. 

Dependencies
===

* [node](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)
* [coffeescript](http://coffeescript.org/)

Cypher Gadget in Use
===

The gadget was built to be used while writing training material in asciidoc. 
See `testCourse.adoc` for an example implementation. 
To see the gadget in action:

* Compile: `coffee -c .`
* Edit: `adocExample.adoc`
* Compile:  `asciidoctor adocExample/adocExample.adoc`
* Open: `open adocExample/adocExample.html`

Tasks
========

You can create tasks by adding them to `data/tasks.coffee` and republishing the gadget. 

Here is an example task blob:

```json
{
    "message": "Lab: Find the 5 busiest actors in this dataset, use what you've learned",
    "tasks": [
    {
        "check": "input",
        "test": ":ACTED_IN",
        "failMsg": "Your paths should use the ACTED_IN relationship"
    },
    {
        "check": "output",
        "results": "Gene Hackman",
        "failMsg": "We expected someone else."
    }
  ]
}
```

There are two types of task checks: "input" and "output".
Input checks the query text as a case-insensitive regex) before it's sent.
Output check the response from the server in **only one** of two ways, either by checking the query response with "results" or by checking the entire graph with "test."

For example:

```json
{
  "message": "Create a node named 'Keanu Reeves'",
  "tasks": [
    {
      "check": "output",
      "results": "Keanu Reeves",
      "failMsg": "FAIL"
    }
  ]
}
```

will fail with `CREATE {name:"Keanu"}` because "results" checks the response that populates the gadget's query response table.

[//]: # (Image of failure here)
`CREATE (m {name:"Keanu"}) RETURN m` will succeed, however.
As well, instead of "results", `"test": "Keanu Reeves"` in the json above will succeed because now it's checking against the whole graph.

[//]: # (Image of success here)
Each input task will be checked in order, then each output task in order.
If a task fails it will display the `failMsg` and **not** check subsequent tasks, so one error shows at a time.

The order of precedence for errors is:

- Syntax (generated by backed)
- Input
- Output "results" (check query response)
- Output "test" (check graph after query)

Usage of query parameters:

http://localhost:8000/test.html?host=http://localhost:8080&cypherSetup=lesson1

* host: backend host (instance of github.com/neo4j-contrib/rabbithole)
* cypherSetup: named graph
